feat: document Display dropdown on perf landing (#3146)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/display.mdx

---
title: "Display Selection"
sidebar_order: 2
description: "The Display dropdown sets the layout of the Performance homepage."
---

> The Display dropdown automatically selects a set of [metrics](../metrics/) and table columns based on the platform of the selected project. For example, selecting a JavaScript project will set the Display to Frontend (Pageload). You can also manually change the Display, but note that some modes may not be applicable. For example, the Web Vitals shown in Frontend (Pageload) mode only reflect pageload transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Display dropdown automatically selects a set of [metrics](../metrics/) and table columns based on the platform of your project. For example, a JavaScript project defaults to Display to Frontend (Pageload). You can change the Display, but some modes may not be applicable as they do not apply to the platform.
```

> The Display dropdown automatically selects a set of [metrics](../metrics/) and table columns based on the platform of the selected project. For example, selecting a JavaScript project will set the Display to Frontend (Pageload). You can also manually change the Display, but note that some modes may not be applicable. For example, the Web Vitals shown in Frontend (Pageload) mode only reflect pageload transactions.

Reviewer 2: `You can change the Display, but some modes may not be applicable as they do not apply to the platform.` I like this 👍

Author: i changed this to "some modes may not be applicable to the platform" since i'm pretty sure "may not be applicable as they do not apply" is a tautology

### Display: All

> In Display: All mode, Apdex and TPM are shown. The Apdex threshold can be configured in the project settings.

Reviewer 3: I suggest you modify like this throughout this doc to avoid passive voice and add links to explain acronyms for better usability.

```suggestion
Display: All mode shows [Apdex](product/performance/metrics/#apdex) and [TPM](/product/performance/metrics/#throughput-total-tpm-tps). The Apdex threshold can be configured in **[Project] > Settings**.
```

![Performance Homepage with Display: All](00_performance_landing.png)

### Display: Frontend (Pageload)

> In Display: Frontend (Pageload) mode, [web vitals](web-vitals/) and LCP information are shown. Additionally, transactions are automatically filtered by `transaction.op:pageload`. This generally corresponds to all browser page transitions that are not handled internally in SPA frameworks such as React or Vue.

Reviewer 4: @alxu-sentry this web vital link leads to a 404 page.

> In Display: Frontend (Pageload) mode, [web vitals](../web-vitals/) and LCP information are shown. Additionally, transactions are automatically filtered by `transaction.op:pageload`. This generally corresponds to all browser page transitions that are not handled internally in SPA frameworks such as React or Vue.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Display: Frontend (Pageload) mode, [Web Vitals](../web-vitals/) and LCP information are shown. Additionally, transactions are automatically filtered by `transaction.op:pageload`. This generally corresponds to all browser page transitions that are not handled internally in SPA frameworks, such as React or Vue.
```

![Performance Homepage with Display: Frontend (Pageload)](01_performance_landing.png)

### Display: Frontend (Other)

> In Display: Frontend (Other) mode, duration information is shown. Additionally, transactions are automatically filtered by `transaction.op:!pageload`. This generally corresponds to page transitions handled internally in SPA frameworks such as React or Vue. Note that if a backend project is selected, this mode will also display backend transactions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Display: Frontend (Other) mode, duration information is shown. Additionally, transactions are automatically filtered by `transaction.op:!pageload`. This generally corresponds to page transitions handled internally in SPA frameworks, such as React or Vue. Note that if a backend project is selected, this mode will also display backend transactions.
```

### Display: Backend

> In Display: Backend mode, duration, throughput, failure rate, and apdex information is shown. The Apdex threshold can be configured in the project settings.  Note that if a frontend project is selected, this mode will also display frontend non-pageload transactions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Display: Backend mode, duration, throughput, failure rate, and Apdex information is shown. The Apdex threshold can be configured in the **[Project] > Settings**.  Note that if a frontend project is selected, this mode will also display frontend non-pageload transactions.
```
